# Hospital-Database-Management-System
The purpose of the project is to automate the front office management of hospitals to develop software that is user-friendly, fast-paced, simple, and cost effective. It deals with the collection of patient information, availability of a bed, diagnosis details, doctor details, patient and doctor relationship, etc. Going by conventional way up-till now, it was done manually. 
The main functionality of the system is to register information related to patients and doctors and keep it stored. Also, the information can be easily retrieved when required, and data can be updated and manipulated meaningfully. The Hospital Management System will have a username and password, in order to enter the database. It is accessible either by an administrator or receptionist. Only they can add data into the database. The data can be retrieved easily. The data are well protected for personal use and make the data processing very fast. 
 
The objective of the project is as follow:-
1. Patients can be easily assigned to the available doctor and they will also be allocated with their requirements.
2. Doctor search would be made easy.
3. Security of data and data accuracy. Hospital Management System is designed for multispeciality hospitals, to cover a wide range of hospital administration and management processes. It is an integrated end-to-end Hospital Management System that provides relevant information across the hospital to support effective decision-making for patient care, hospital administration, and critical financial accounting, in a seamless flow. Hospital Management System enables you to develop your organization and improve its effectiveness and quality of work. Managing the key processes efficiently is critical to the success of the hospital helps you manage your processes
